DEVELOPER NOTES - [6 AUG 2024]
Past Updates and Fixes:

Menu Node Error Fix:

Fixed the error with menunode_set_destination by ensuring it properly queries available destinations and uses get_all_space_room_identifiers().
New Room Creation Logic:

Implemented create_new_room() to handle the creation of new rooms with random descriptions and types.
Added functionality to randomly pick a room type and ensure the room description matches the type.
Ensured newly created rooms have keys that match their descriptions and include default descriptions for various room types.
Error Handling:

Addressed issues with room type checking and corrected the handling of no_default parameter.
Fixed errors related to setting room attributes and handling database-related exceptions.
Testing and Verification:

Verified the functionality by running tests to ensure new rooms are created correctly and menu nodes transition as expected.
12 March 2025:

Tested Console:

Tested fly into uncharted space
Testing reveals the room is created but cannot be found
Likely a bug in how the function fetches the list of rooms
Tested set destination
Testing reveals that function is not implemented
Updates on First Steps Mission

Ongoing issues with calling the required mission start function
No safeguards are implemented to include:
Saving
Checkpoints
Player logging off could disrupt mission
Verified Bugs:

Console cannot be accessed until the server is restarted.
Find ways to update the ship without restarting the server
Board currently lets the player puppet any player/character in the room
Filter results to only allow the player's ship to be boarded
Need to account for multiple ships owned by other players to be in the same room/hanger
16 March 2025:

Fixed tutorial mission not working with a new character

Works as intended
Attempted to fix ship name change from breaking

Bug where the ship.db.shipID is None before the server resets
DEVELOPMENT TASKS
Books

Create book objects with menus and contents
Every page is an object with a number and text stored in the book
Directory for books, each with its own defining file
Wearables

Add stats to wearables
Document how to build the object in-game
Example:
python
Copy
Edit
class ToolQuality(Enum):
    POOR = 0.01
    LOW = 0.05
    MED = 0.10
    GOOD = 0.15
    GREAT = 0.20
    EXTRAORDINARY = 0.25
Player Roles/Jobs

Separate player roles/jobs based on class
Pilots: Tutorial on basic movement, commands, and ship commands
Miner: Tutorial on finding asteroids, landing/attaching, and mining
Fighter: Tutorial on contracts, combat, and space travel
Freighter: Tutorial on contracts, storage, economies, and deep-space travel
Researcher: Tutorial on research room, skills, and beginner contracts
Ship Command File

Major changes needed: Split between classes
FUTURE FEATURES
Corporations

Split leaders into CEO, COO, CFO
Create building projects
Projects

Define a class for projects including required resources/research
Exploration System

Procedurally generated points of interest:
Celestial phenomenon:
Solar Flares
Comets
Supernovae
Black Holes
Gravitational Waves
Asteroid Belts
Nebulae
Currently Working On
Corporate computer: Allows players to sell cargo and take on contracts
Setting values to minerals: In data/minerals.py
TO-DO LIST - [6 AUG 2024]
Further Testing:

Test menunode_chart_course and other related menu nodes extensively to ensure they handle all possible scenarios correctly.
Validate that newly created rooms are correctly listed and navigated to.
Room Descriptions:

Consider expanding the list of pre-generated room descriptions to include a wider variety of scenarios.
Implement additional descriptions or features if needed based on player feedback.
Player Experience:

Review and adjust the user experience to ensure players find it engaging and intuitive.
Gather feedback on the new room creation and navigation process to make improvements.
Documentation:

Update developer notes to include details about the new room creation logic, menu node changes, and error handling improvements.
Document the testing procedures and any specific changes made to the Evennia configurations.
Future Enhancements:

Explore adding more features or customization options for room creation and navigation.
Consider implementing additional menu nodes or interactions based on future requirements.
